c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\TestConnection.exe.config
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\PhoneWindow.g.cs
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\DB.db
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\TestConnection.exe
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\TestConnection.pdb
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\PhoneWindow.baml
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.g.resources
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.exe
c:\users\саруман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.pdb
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\TestConnection.exe.config
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.exe
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.pdb
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\TestConnection.exe
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\TestConnection.pdb
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\PhoneWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\PhoneWindow.baml
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.g.resources
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\obj\Debug\TestConnection.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Саруман\Documents\GitHub\TestConnectionSqlite\TestConnection\bin\Debug\DB.db
